Add note about router-ignore attribute (#1209)
vaadin/docs: articles/v14-23-upgrade/essential-steps/instructions/_common.adoc

This will not cause errors but has no effect.
However, setting `tabindex` to `0` or `-1` is still supported.
It is recommended to ensure that input fields are in the correct order in the DOM, instead of overriding the tab order with `tabindex`.
- If necessary, add a `router-ignore` attribute to the anchor elements whose navigation should be bypassing Vaadin router.

> This is, for example, needed if an anchor is used to logout users in Spring Security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is needed, for example, if an anchor is used to log users out in Spring Security.
```

Without the `router-ignore` attribute, Vaadin router will intercept the navigation to `/logout`, preventing Spring Security from handling logout as intended.
To fix this, add the `router-ignore` attribute as in the following example:

> [source, java]

Reviewer 2: Syntax highlighting doesn't work for this code snippet
<img width="767" alt="Screenshot 2022-03-24 at 9 57 27" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1222264/159869018-314262a4-2995-4567-83e7-820a7fca44ff.png">
